Google Phone Interview Get!
Published on February 02, 2007.
In last semester’s Software Engineering class, I had a classmate who was an intern at Google.
We both went to the Google Information Session a while back, where I got a sweet, sweet Google shirt.
Anyway, he was awesome enough to offer to forward my resume internally.
After a few weeks and some other paperwork, I’ve been offered a phone interview!
I’m not too sure how many people get to this point, but I’m pretty stoked about it.
I’ve read that the interviews are pretty hard, though they really should be.
I mean, it’s Google, after all!
I should be getting a date for the phone interview very soon.
Until then, I think I’ll try and brush up on my algorithms , asymptotic analysis , probability , and combinatorics !
Don’t fail me now, Introduction to Algorithms !
I’m feeling lucky!